docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorial/hello-world.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Learn to build a "Hello World" rock with Rockcraft. In this tutorial, we create a basic rockcraft.yaml file and package it into an OCI container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Learn to assemble a rock with Rockcraft. In this tutorial, we create a very small rock that prints a "Hello, world!" message to the log.
```
